this is strictly in 60-seconds your bite
size guide to Britain's favorite dancing
contest this week's or our celebrities
tackle a variety of dance styles some
put on a dazzling display you're so
elegant you do like a ballad dance that
it was truly fabulous I just love to
watch you dance especially in boring
while others failed to set the studio
--all I told Terry chard I thought you
looked uncomfortable and awkward your
usual standards wasn't quite there you
spend a lot more time sitting on your
backside it was Cara and awesome who
rocketed to the top of the leaderboard
despite all the hard work it was a shock
exit for one of our couples Jamie Oliver
with the remaining dancers back in
training next week make sure you don't
miss any of the action by keeping up
today right here at bbc.co.uk/topgear